[Music]
Hey everyone, I'm going to teach you how to download.
and install love
Then I thought, look, the browser goes to a
down here is left on the bassaki he goes I
just tony win
today she goes to google
one of those who want to enter I want to say that
Come in now, I 'll leave the bass here.
to download the program
so it 's typing in the search field
ayton research
here must to the glow taking around
it hurts
boi bassaki searching on google is
able to enter fled and entered
if you do not get into the baby downstairs waiting
by his father 24 sites where to enter a
softphone a thing or a thing
ae
another site where no one enters the
first the bassaki
People around here will open the window.
had here
the act your car is going to click on
This is who you are explaining.
that will continue
The car was my brother to nobody.
the China
excuse s personal
It's enough to talk about her but she's never
can participate because it is low in sodium
in the video I 'll do a little thing that
I was not blocking and then I'll go bay.
the island goes with him to download the chevy
also celebrating a lot to you not
You know the pie with us.
faster
The excuse is that my friend wants to talk.
from Dora speaking if I wanted to stay in
mouth I do not have river
Hmm
There, send it asking in just one
thing on the ipad
I was from pj
It's calling
it's that same
ai tony carried out is pow goes with a
next step
the next step then again by
ocimar analyzes 90 right choice language
of the ox
according to the lieutenant, that's when I went